However, directly or after these two transitions, there is a long period of gender dysphoria. People who have faced depression or anxiety probably know that, if you just don’t think about this kind of thing and fill up your time, there is generally no way to relieve it. To practice, this is better than not knowing what to do, and it is much more uncomfortable. Moreover, I can't bear the anxiety to such an extent that after the first turning point, many dreams and many fantasies made me usher in the second turning point.

On June 16, 2022, I made the decision to start all this and not look back, and I bought some medicines from friends I knew and bought others from Meituan. Then, everything starts. Once it starts, don't look back, and you will lose the room to turn back. Basically, it didn't take long for the mentality to change. As for the physical changes, it was the same as before. The chest was sore, and the lower abdomen had a certain degree of pain. After that, it was confirmed that the upper bust had increased significantly and the skin It got better, and the hair quality has also changed. Although the body hair has not decreased, it has indeed become thinner (visible to the naked eye), and the face seems to have become fatter...?

Well, the effect is still relatively obvious, although in most cases, the effect is reversible, but I think it will take a lot of time to offset these effects.

It was around July 2 that I made the decision to come out. It really felt like I was on the battlefield, so I made a little preparation and took my parents to the psychiatrist who had been in the psychiatry for two years. Doctor, I think this minimizes cabinet risk. However, I overlooked a big environment, that place is stability, and doctors are not very accepting of this situation. However, because he is a well-known doctor, he tried his best to help me communicate with my parents. However, I made two big mistakes. First, this doctor has no experience in this situation, or , he may have only seen one, and that person was very emotional, and when I explained it, I was crying but very calm; second, my parents were born in the 70s, and their receptivity was 0, and even belonged to the kind of people who despise homosexuality and feel that homosexuality Disgusting and unhappy people.

But the doctor kept comforting me when I was crying, he made me understand that there is nothing wrong with feeling like a girl.