However, what followed was that life gradually lost some hope. When my parents understood all this and put some of the less-boyish things that happened before, my mother felt extremely desperate, she Yelling at me directly in front of the doctor in the hospital, and the doctor told me to calm down after seeing my mother's behavior. Before I walked out of the consultation room, tears flowed from my eyes. My mother, I rarely see her punish herself with my behavior, and she basically doesn't need to punish herself for the behavior of others. And, this time, no one was at fault, and she punished himself for it. I asked the doctor to hint to my mother not to let my father know about this kind of thing. And then, in the car back home from the hospital, I was on the phone, humiliated by my father to a great disgrace. However, am I doing something wrong? If even being your self is called a kind of fault, then what's the point of acting out a "stranger" life that is extremely uncomfortable against your will? In that case, it is better to die and be happy. In that case, death may be a permanent relief, and it is always better than the deepest pain in the soul. I hate that you are born to be what you looks like.

I really can't hold back. The emotional collapse is like dominoes, one by one falling down, and through the network effect, it affects everyone who sees it without diminishing. The more dominoes that collapse, the greater the pressure on the person who sees it. One or two may be fine, but when the power of hundreds of cards is combined... I can't say.

At this time, I turn to the community for help. Your parents don't understand you, they don't accept you, they don't trust you. Your sister doesn't understand you. This society discriminates against you, it is difficult for people to understand why a healthy person feels useless and depressed, they think that I am hurting spring and autumn, or, some people think that gender anxiety is just a reason not to study 7*24 hours, In fact, my study time and efficiency have not decreased, but their expectations of me have been rising. However, at this time, only the community and my girlfriends stand with me. However, as a person who was born a girl, my best friend can't understand why I think this way, but she can accept me and do everything possible to support me and help me.

But the vast majority of people in the community experience this kind of grievance and anxiety. Therefore, we can better understand each other and talk to each other, and some people make suggestions. It is necessary to understand that a person who has just been greatly impacted, even if there is a little comfort, it is also a kind of hope for her. And hope was what I needed the most.

Therefore, during that time, I frequently sought comfort and confidence in the community, which also created me. After a while, the community was discovered by the parents, and the domestic violence became more violent, the result of losing the trust of the parents, and being suspicious of the character.